Welcome back.
So I actually made a small error in our naming.
This is actually not category we are supposed to call it collection.
So let's actually make the correct modifications to our code so it's more aligned with what it should
be.
So this should be a collection and then we'll rename our category to collection
and we should also change it in our import as well as on our actual route in our shop component.
So let's call this collection.
And what we'll export out should be a collection page.
This should now be collection I.D. and this should say collection page.
And this should say collection
so a small mistake but easily remedied by changing all the names in the right places.
And now we just gotta make sure to save and be importing the correct thing.
So we've got to change it in our shop component too.
So we need our collection page from our collection collection component
just a small little error in our naming convention.
But now if we go back we see that everything's still working okay.
Let's go back to building our selector.